me
Yeah yeah yeah
Ah ah ah ah
tan
Five
Ha
Today's new r 1200 gs f test drive so this short
I would like to deliver an impression
Although this gs is really totally new
It's on the floor too Engine this is first
With the latest design
You're a generator, you're all in a mission
What was housed in this engine crankcase is a very compact engine
It has become
It's such that the place has become a high Metropolitan mounting position when compared to a little slightly before the next section
But entered against You're still the overall thing it into what had been attached to the top
It does say that I want to enter into what had growth behind it is or as painful
It is the concentration of mass is now being songs
I think the balance low center of gravity is not lost again
Speaking of the parts that are so new
g Now here is we are newly adopted something called dynamic Lisa
so
This is
Well there is also a place called off road use
that
sweater
The stroke sensor is attached and always touch the road surface condition to match it
Setting
It is supposed to be me was Motorcyclists
so
Various that ac dbs that
It's a good thing, but it can be changed with what is printed, so only one button on one hand very much
It is telling me that the setting for the current driving is fast .
I can do it
The new model is also a water-cooled engine, but that very
The pickup is getting better a
The first is the Tteyuu I wish I think we have become awkward it looks a little
There was an image , but when I actually got on it, I did not have such a thing.
It's very close to the operation of the throttle on the right hand, and it's already moving directly
But
I can run slowly though , for example , a little something like winding
I wo n't run
When everything is very quick looking
It 's a production with children and it's plus Ride by wire from this time if you take that
Computer the neighborhood about the place has become so those that do not use a wire
I think that management is very well done
The riding mode is finally ー or after road mode
There is a thing called Henry road network , but the setting according to it ends in the end
After throttle
It is all connected to Jesus ac abs
After all gs It is that we want to run a place that seems a little
Though it is short, I tried running
So what I thought is that the boxer engine is made because it has a low center of gravity
There is an impression that it is easy to ride
Just that
The throttle pickup is so good that I want to be careful a bit
so
Try it in various ways and try it
Although it was the first time that touched 1000 form gs This is Well
Of course there are engines and so on, and there are places that are totally new to chassis and so on
But more than that, for example, where the screen can be done with one hand
Where is the tandem seat slightly shifted back and forth?
Really easy to use
I felt that say are well thought good place also with the Do I have evolved
Most of previous models are on the way
The reaction engine has changed, but it continues for ten years in the same way.
So
Though it was Tokai , there was really a full model change
From now on other vehicles may also be used by this kindergarten after all
I wonder
gs itself
Moreover is it 's such a s Yes Nde going into much in this form while you Naa Tianshou
said it was an imco technology
Yeah yeah yeah
me
Yeah Eeeeeeee
Yeah yeah yeah
wh
me